Implement #2765: Document Azure Key Vault KMS usage for record encryption (#2894)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: kroxylicious-docs/docs/_modules/record-encryption/con-record-encryption-overview.adoc

Symmetric encryption keys::
AES(GCM) 256 bit encryption symmetric encryption keys are used to encrypt and decrypt record data.

> NOTE: In Azure Key Vault, RSAES-OAEP 256 bit asymmetric keys may be used instead of AES(GCM) 256 bit symmetric keys if Managed HSM is not available, but this method is not quantum-resistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If Managed HSM is not available, you can use RSA-OAEP-256 encryption, using a 2048-bit (or greater) asymmetric key instead of 256-bit AES-GCM symmetric keys. This approach is not quantum-resistant.
```

The language in the section in general is a bit mixed up with encryption algorithms and key types/sizes.

Author: I think I've come up with an appropriate compromise. Let me know what you think of the new version.
